Install CCF on AzureVM (#4502)
microsoft/CCF: README.md

- Read the [CCF overview](https://ccf.microsoft.com/) and get familiar with [CCF's core concepts](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/overview/what_is_ccf.html)
- [Install](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/build_apps/install_bin.html) CCF on Linux

> - Quickly build and run the [sample CCF application](https://github.com/microsoft/ccf-app-samples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get familiar with CCF core developer API with the [template CCF app](https://github.com/microsoft/ccf-app-template)
- Quickly build and run [sample CCF apps](https://github.com/microsoft/ccf-app-samples)
```

Just a suggestion to keep reference to both repos.
